docs(fx112-css-ray): Create new page for ray() function (#26266)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/offset-path/index.md

/* Default */
offset-path: none;

> /* Line segment */

Reviewer: if `ray(45deg)` is supposed to work, if values can default, we should include it as an example. (Defaulting does not work in Safari, but i saw this in your other PR).

### Values

- {{cssxref("ray","ray()")}}

>   - : Defines a path that is a line segment from the starting position of an element and proceeding in the direction defined by the specified angle. This value accepts up to three parameters – an angle similar to the CSS gradient angle, a size value similar to the CSS radial gradient size values, and the keyword `contain`. The angle `0deg` starts on the y-axis pointing up, and positive angles increase in the clockwise direction. The possible values for size include `closest-side`, `closest-corner`, `farthest-side`, `farthest-corner`, and `sides`. Both the size value and the `contain` keyword are optional. The default size value used is `closest-side`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Defines a path that is a line segment from the starting position of an element and proceeding in the direction defined by the specified angle. This value accepts up to three parameters – an {{CSSxRef("angle")}} similar to the CSS [linear gradient](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/linear-gradient) angle, a size value similar to the CSS [radial gradient](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/radial-gradient) size values, and the keyword `contain`. The angle `0deg` starts on the y-axis, pointing up, with positive angles increasing in the clockwise direction. The possible values for the optional size include `closest-side`, `closest-corner`, `farthest-side`, `farthest-corner`, and `sides`, with the size value defaulting to `closest-side` when omitted. The optional `contain` keyword reduces the length of the offset path so that the element stays within its containing block.
```

Author: Thanks!

In the "Note", I am leaving out the second part because in the previous implementation, there was no default for the size parameter. Also I don't think I understand the bit "but has better support."
